zh, en: add relay-dir for source-configuration-file (#679)
pingcap/docs-dm: en/source-configuration-file.md

enable-gtid: false

# Whether to enable relay log.

> enable-relay: false       # Since DM v2.0.2, this configuration item is deprecated. Please use `start-relay` command to enable relay.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
enable-relay: false       # Since DM v2.0.2, this configuration item is deprecated. To enable the relay log feature, use the `start-relay` command instead.
```
